 ## Music Player with Progress Bar and Play/Pause Button

This code creates a simple music player with a progress bar and a play/pause button. It uses JavaScript and the HTML5 audio element.

### Step-by-Step Explanation

#### 1. HTML Structure

The HTML structure of the music player is as follows:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <title>Music Player</title>
</head>
<body>
  <audio id="song" src="song.mp3"></audio>
  <input type="range" id="progress">
  <button id="CtrlIcon" class="fa fa-play"></button>
</body>
</html>
```

The `<audio>` element is used to play the audio file. The `id` attribute of the `<audio>` element is set to `"song"`. This will be used to reference the audio element in the JavaScript code.

The `<input>` element is used to create the progress bar. The `type` attribute of the `<input>` element is set to `"range"`. This will create a slider that the user can drag to change the current playback position. The `id` attribute of the `<input>` element is set to `"progress"`. This will be used to reference the progress bar in the JavaScript code.

The `<button>` element is used to create the play/pause button. The `id` attribute of the `<button>` element is set to `"CtrlIcon"`. This will be used to reference the play/pause button in the JavaScript code. The `class` attribute of the `<button>` element is set to `"fa fa-play"`. This will add a play icon to the button.

#### 2. JavaScript Code

The JavaScript code for the music player is as follows:

```javascript
let progress = document.getElementById('progress');
let song = document.getElementById('song');
let CrtlIcon = document.getElementById('CtrlIcon');

song.onloadedmetadata = function(){
    progress.max = song.duration;
    progress.value = song.currentTime;
} 
function playPause(){
    if(CrtlIcon.classList.contains("fa-pause")){
        song.pause();
        CrtlIcon.classList.remove("fa-pause");
        CrtlIcon.classList.add("fa-play");
    }

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)